Your task is to implement class CVATRegister, which implements a simple tax revenue database.

We assume the database holds information about all companies that are obligated to pay the VAT. To reduce tax evasion, a company is obligated to report all invoices in the database. Each company is identified by its tax ID. The IDs are strings and are unique in the database. Second, companies may be positively identified by their names and addresses. We assume the pair (name, address) is unique in the database. That is, there may exist several companies with the same name (e.g. "ACME"), there may be many companies registered with the same address (e.g. "Prague"), however, there may be at most one company "ACME" registered in "Prague". Moreover, tax IDs are compared case sensitive, whereas names and addresses are compared case insensitive.

The class shall implement public interface shown below. The interface consists of:

- A constructor (without parameters). This constructor initializes a new empty database.
- Destructor -- it shall free all resources used by the instance.
- Method newCompany (name, addr, id ) which adds a new record to the database. The parameters are name, address and tax id of the company being registered. The method returns true if it succeeds, or false if it fails (the pair name, addr is already present in the database, or the id is not unique in the database).
- Method cancelCompany (name, addr) / cancelCompany (id) removes the corresponding record from the database, the record is identified either by the name and address, or by its tax id. The method returns true if it succeeds, or false if it fails (the corresponding record was not present).
- Methods invoice (name, addr, amount) / invoice ( id, amount ) add amount to the income of some company. There are two variants of the method: the company is either identified directly by tax id, or by company name and address. The methods return true if they succeed, or false if they fail (the corresponding record was not found).
- Method audit ( name, addr, sum ) / audit ( id, sum ) searches the database for the record identified by name and address, or by tax id. The method fills the output parameter (sum) with the total revenue of the particular company. The method returns true if it succeeds, or false if it fails (the corresponding record was not found). - Moreover, if the method fails, the output parameters shall be left unmodified.
- Method medianInvoice () searches for the median amount in the registered invoices. Only positively registered invoices are included in the computation, i.e. failed invocations of invoice do not participate in the median. On the other hand, all so-far registered invoices participate in the median computation (including invoices from erased companies). If the number of invoices is even, the result will be the greater of the two middle values. If there are no invoices registered yet, the result is zero.
- Metods firstCompany ( name, addr ) / nextCompany ( name, addr ) are used to iterate over the list of companies in our database. The companies are returned in an alphabetical order, sorted by company name. If some companies have the same name, then the company with lexicographically smaller address goes first. Method firstCompany finds the first company in the list. If the list of companies is empty, the method returns false. Otherwise, the method returns true and fills-in output parameters name and addr. Method nextCompany is similar; it finds the company that follows company identified by name and addr from the parameters. If there is not any further company in the list, then nextCompany returns false. Otherwise it returns true and updates the parameters name and addr with the name/address of the next company.
